c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\UTCS Companion.exe
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\UTCS Companion.pdb
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\UTCS Companion.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\SplitPage.xaml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\UTCS Companion.exe
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\UTCS Companion.pdb
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.dll
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.pri
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\UTCS Companion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\UTCS Companion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Companion\UTCS Companion\obj\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.pri.xml
